So another palindromic problem almost.
I've covered many types of problems in this section.
String matching problems and.
Doing pattern matching also in the subsequent listings problems also so do when a string is find the
longest palindromic sequence lengthen is.
This is good.
So here we are asked to find the longest, but in dooming subsequent, not the substring.
In this case it's for it is IB and because b b b the subsequent we all know the difference.
It is CBD and this it is only two.
It can be double b.
Another easy problem is that we have.
Now you must have realized this.
Only you know this.
If I say that DPA comedy is the answer, our longest palindromic subsequent for us upsetting s I do
it eight.
So my final answer will be deep euro comma and -4 million is the length of this.
Tell me if I say zero zero woman medicine, what all options do zero character and minus one character
have?
You know, character in my husband's character have what all options are.
So the first case is simple.
If both of them are equal, let me generalize.
It would be ideal.
IMDB.
I got my g.
So Casement if shc goes to LG.
And it's very simple.
It is to bless DP.
Big them as a palindromic subsequently include both of them in a subsequent and move it forward.
That means now we have the middle string left.
Eight.
I know the longest palindromic subsequent indexing and that because we are digging both of them because
they are eight, eight plus seven.
Comedy minus one in both.
I 2G and boundaries made that equal examine if we are digging both of them in, I like to nurse whatever
is in the middle.
In the middle something.
Give me the best, longest, but and only subsequent in the middle.
But we know that rate that if.
What about in Rome?
If A.D. Golden Middle has to be a bit.
And what is the second case is one, but it's the second case.
If they're not equal.
If they're not equal, release what what other options there are other.
I cannot come in the subsequent take and come late.
That means.
Give me whatever is the maximum sequence of A-plus on comedy.
That means being loaded and exclude.
A-plus.
Exclude.
I include you.
What is this thing that slipped is eidetic and.
They're counting.
AP I comma j minus for that means not exclude the agony and give me more the best possible subsequent
in this string.
Eight.
So the first option was include.
But the second option is.
You either exclude one from decision or decision and find the best possible answer within the maximum.
I hope this is clear.
So if they will come in the longest possible subsequent, they'll come together.
It's the case.
One hour.
They will not comment at the end.
Page eight.
What's the base case here?
There can be two types of base cases.
We all know if I base cases.
If I is equal to G, that means we are reducing or reducing I is equal to eight.
So if I easily go through G, that means it is assumption of length one and it is a palindrome.
And what is its length?
I simply don't want it, but if I is equal to j minus one, it means now I easier and do minus one consecutive
and.
So if I easy quiz Friday minus one and I say is equal to equal to essay.
This is important.
If there equal then only written oop.
Eight.
Because icicles 15 minutes when they're equal.
We really didn't do because that is giving me a palindromic sequence of land to aid the race.
If they are not equal, then we will simply apply this thing.
To Mangrove developers.
One day I made this one which will let everyone in in the end.
And.
These are the basic cases that we need to handle separately, and I don't think much explanation is
required in this.
So after this, what I'll do is I'll give you some very nice string matching problems in deep problems
which are what begin challenging in nature.
Please spend all your time in those problems.
Try to solve them.
If you do want to hold this.
I don't want to go with it because I've already heard so much of detail in basic issues as well.
And I've ordered a lot of better problems.
And I just leave it to you.
It.
Oh, thank you for.